you know what kind of drunken brawls
those parties turn into it's no place
for kids a minute ago you said you
didn't care if he drinks he said a
little dream you're tearing me up by
what you you say one thing he says
another and everybody changes back again
girls don't love their father since when
since I got to be sixteen stop that I
love you Jim
I really mean it
no no I don't want you to go to the
police there are other people why should
you be the only one involved but I am
involved we are all involved mom a boy a
kid was killed tonight this is all going
too fast you better give me something
you better give me something fast Jimmy
you're very young a foolish decision now
could wreck your whole life in 10 years
you'll never know this even had a dancer
do you want to kill your father
you